# hello-world
this is a short description
At the time of writing this I am 33 years old, with a Bachelor's degree in English (Creative Writing), and have stalled completing my Single Subject Teaching Credential. I am uncertain if teaching High School composition is truly the career path I want to take, but I've come so far and so close to getting the credential that it seems silly to walk away from. If I'm honest, I'd say that the only reason I really pursued the Teaching Credential in the first place is because other people told me to, told me that I'd be this great teacher, but as I try to come up with hypothetical lesson plans and plans for dealing with behavior issues I ask myself, "Is this really for me? Is this really what I want?"
I'm still not quite sure how to answer, and this vacilation troubles me, because the hesitation seems to suggest that I don't really want to stand in front of 120+ High-Schoolers and teach them the importance of crafting an argument for the rest of my working life.
So, I've decided to turn my attention towards computer science. I've alway found that computing comes naturally to me and I've always worked with a computer in almost every job I've had in the past, so why not figure out what makes programs work, create programs in the process, and make money in the process?
My original motivation to look into coding was a couple of years ago when I suffered a serious identity theft. I won't go into the specifics, but let's just say that it left me feeling like I never wanted anyone, anywhere to ever have to go through what I've had to go through. After telling my ID theft story and expressing my interest in coding, especially as it relates to cyber security and data security, to my cousin who has been coding professionally for a few years, he suggested I look into learning Clojure. 
I've investigated Clojure, set it up on my Ubuntu partition, and have read through some tutorials, but to be frank, I have no idea what it does yet, but, I am not to be deterred!
I am also interested in learning Python, mainly because I see a lot of tech job postings online that require experience with Python or Java. I also plan to learn Java asap as well, because I believe this knowledge could open up avenues into career options I am only beginning to fathom.
